# Description
This is a **SDN specific data set** generated by using mininet emulator and used for **traffic classification** by machine learning and deep learning algorithms.  The project start by creating ten topologies in mininet in which switches are connected to single Ryu controller.  Network simulation runs for benign TCP, UDP and ICMP traffic and malicious traffic which is the collection of **TCP Syn attack, UDP Flood attack, ICMP attack**. Total **23 features **are available in the data set in which some are extracted from the switches  and others are calculated. Extracted features include Switch-id, Packet_count, byte_count, duration_sec, duration_nsec which is duration in nano-seconds, total duration is sum of duration_sec and durstaion_nsec, Source IP, Destination IP, Port number, tx_bytes is the number of bytes transferred from the switch port, rx_bytes is the number of bytes received on  the switch port. dt field show the date and time which has been converted into number and a flow is monitored at a monitoring interval of 30 second. Calculated features include Packet per flow which is packet count during a single flow, Byte per flow is byte count during a single flow, Packet Rate is number of packets send per second and calculated by dividing the packet per flow by monitoring interval, number of Packet_ins messages, total flow entries in the switch, tx_kbps, rx_kbps are data transfer and receiving rate and Port  Bandwidth is the sum of tx_kbps and rx_kbps. 
Last column indicates the class label which indicates whether the traffic type is benign or malicious. Benign traffic has label 0 and malicious traffic has label 1.  Network simulation is run for 250 minutes and 1,04,345 rows of data is collected. The simulation is run for defined interval again and more data can be collected.
